Ravettra Ford: One at this particular time of new cases
Ravettra Ford: over within the United States of America.
Ravettra Ford: So it's about knowledge for me, so I can spread to
Ravettra Ford: my students and my family members.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Fantastic. And Ravetra, where are you from?
Ravettra Ford: I was born and raised here at Memp, in Memphis, Tennessee.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: all right. Well, Shannon is from Tennessee as well.
Ravettra Ford: On this call. So.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: We have some. We have North Carolina, Tennessee, and and Chicago represented
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: right now. So it's it's great to have everybody here. Just a recap of of the last session.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: which was really just an opportunity for get for us to to get, to know each other and
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: and understand what relationships were
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: important for us and and in our lives, and and then also a goal setting piece. So we really wanted to identify some goals
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: for all of us individually as we.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: We moved through the week. And we're going to start today by doing a quick recap
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: of those goals, and and how the these last 2 weeks have went, and then talk about
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: how we can continue that on that quest, so to speak, to improve our own health, and and then we'll look at our goals that we made last week, and see if we need to make
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: any adjustments to those. And so with that, who would like to to start with 1st by
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: telling talking about the goal that you named the last time we were together, and and how everything went.
Christian: I can begin. This is Christian.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Hi. Christian.
Christian: Good afternoon. I trust your Thanksgiving was good.
Christian: It was. It was fantastic good like to hear that my goal was to not drink as frequently.
Christian: I'm pretty much a everyday drinker, and
Christian: so far I have failed to skip a day every other day.
Christian: I'm kind of working myself into it. I've skipped a couple of days, not in a row, but couple of
Christian: second day type things and
Christian: I have also limited my intake.
Christian: So I'm moving forward in that arena.
Christian: And I also have re-engaged with volunteerism.
Christian: I'm doing meals on wheels
Christian: and at the moment it's couple of days a week. I'm kind of filling in when
Christian: they have people that can't make it.
Christian: because they kind of have the regular crew.
Christian: But so I'm pretty happy. Everything has gone smoothly.
Christian: and I think you know, in
Christian: response to your second thing about you know what we need to move or what I need to do. Moving forward
Christian: I find that if I don't have any booze in the house it's easier opportunistic.
Christian: It's there. I'm gonna use it.
Christian: That's not there.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And so, since we since we last met, do you?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: You said you've pretty much have you drink every day for the exception of 2 days, or
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: how did how did that look.
Christian: Well, now, you know I this was prior to Thanksgiving, so really, probably about 4 days out of 14.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay.
Christian: And well, that's the answer.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Did you feel like that? Was a success for you?
Christian: Oh yes!
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Good. How how did that feel
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: doing less of that? Did you notice any?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: anything that happened as a result of of drinking less with with relationships with your health, anything that.
Christian: Not yet.
Christian: Although I can tell you from you know my other sober periods that my health will get better.
Christian: You know I didn't drink for like 6 years, so it was. You feel different.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Would would
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: when you have when you got together, for did you get together with family friends for Thanksgiving?
Christian: Just my significant other. All my family's in Chicago.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay.
Christian: And so we didn't travel.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: They're they're snowed in in Chicago.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: What those 4 times that you did drink? Was there a particular trigger, or something happened where
Christian: You. You decided to drink.
Christian: Not really. No, I'm sorry the times I did not drink, or the times I did drink.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: The times you did drink.
Christian: Oh, it's a little habitual
Christian: after like 6, 30, or 7 o'clock at night.
Christian: It's time for a drink,
Christian: And but there was no other trigger than habitual, and sometimes boredom.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And and you mentioned you were becoming more
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: volunteering with meals on wheels. Was that
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: as a response to for for the less boredom piece of it.
Christian: Well, definitely, plus, it's
Christian: you know I have the time. I might as well give it to somebody.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: It can use it.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And you you mentioned it's habitual, and if it's if it's there.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: you know, you'll probably you'll probably drink it. Are there any barriers to having it around less that you've.
Christian: No, not really. I mean
Christian: My significant other drinks one or 2 glasses of wine at night.
Christian: I don't usually drink her wine, and
Christian: so no, not really. I mean.
Christian: I drive by the liquor store every day.
Christian: and I can find myself not stopping in.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So so really and and just to recap just having having something to do.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: whether it's connecting with people volunteering, participating in those things will
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: make it less like less likely for you to drink. Is that.
Christian: Oh, that's correct.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Correct. Okay, when you when you think about
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: well, actually, let's let's connect it. Let's connect that later. I don't wanna
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: jump too far into it now. But
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: put that in the bike rack, and we'll connect on that a little bit later.
Christian: Anyone else. Shannon.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Stacy, how did how did your week go or 2 weeks go.
Stacey Ford: It's very hectic. I'm exhausted. Again. It's mostly been invested helping my brother and running back and forth to the hospital
Stacey Ford: and
Stacey Ford: getting the house ready for him to come home. We we didn't. I didn't expect him to come home for probably another. They were talking at least 5 weeks. So it's a really it was
Stacey Ford: I I was caught off guard when they said they're gonna release him, and I had a lot of work to do because he can't. He can't go upstairs or anything. So I had to rearrange the whole house
Stacey Ford: and make everything accessible to him downstairs, for now while he goes through rehabilitation because he I mean he lost feelings in his legs and arms and hands, and
Stacey Ford: It had a so he's learning to walk again, and strength and stuff like that. So it's been really hectic. With that being said, is he? This group helps.
Stacey Ford: I mean, I I don't. I'm sure it's gonna help in several different ways, but mostly knowledge. And my brother needs to quit doing drugs and drinking and smoking, and so he does. Cocaine. He smokes weed, he drinks alcohol, he smokes cigarettes, he quit cigarettes
Stacey Ford: weed or marijuana and drinking. So those 3 things. And so now I I'm not drinking for his sake.
Stacey Ford: Which only only benefits me. And and yeah, I I can drink a lot, I mean, I owned a bar for 10 years, and I was there 17 HA day, and I drink to just keep going and
Stacey Ford: so that eventually would have killed me. That's the best thing that happened to me is the losing the bar.
Stacey Ford: So it can only help me. And so I mean I people could. People probably say that I drink a lot.
Stacey Ford: And
Stacey Ford: now I really just don't have a desire to, because I see what it's done to my brother, and how he badly he wants here he has quit. He's done. He's done with all that.
Stacey Ford: The cocaine. Not yet. He doesn't want to give that up, so
Stacey Ford: so this hopefully will give me a lot of insight and help him get through stuff and then on top of it, help me with my drinking.
Stacey Ford: I don't want to quit, but I definitely need to slow down. I could drink. I could drink easily, especially in Florida, because it's sunny every day. I have a pool. I live in the ocean. It's easy to have a Margarita every day, or a winer. I mean, it's it's just. It's so happy, and it just goes hand in hand, you know. It's so easy. But here in Chicago it's miserable. It's cold, you know, I and I don't want to go outside and smoke cigarettes. So if I drink, I'm gonna have to go outside and smoke cigarettes.
Stacey Ford: So that helps me. So that's where I'm at my goal was to try to get my daughter is not speaking to me, and she's an adult. I have 3 grandkids and I have not had any communication, any response from her at all. She had me blocked on Facebook and everything, and it was from my
Stacey Ford: my relationship who I who I just left.
Stacey Ford: and I want her to know that and and
Stacey Ford: that I'm not with him and
Stacey Ford: I sent her so I mean I I feel like I've been talking to. I've been texting her for now we're going on 2 years.
Stacey Ford: I think, cheers and sending the kids gifts. And I'm not getting a response or a thank you, or even I don't even know if they receive them. And they moved 3 times. And so, with that being said, I feel like I don't know if she's even reading my text or getting them at all. And I so I texted her this week, and I asked her to reply to me and let me know at least, if she's reading these. She didn't reply.
Stacey Ford: and I just I mean, and it was a real long text, and explaining everything to, you know, talking to her and how desperately I I that's all I want in my life is her and my 3 grandkids that's the my priority and
Stacey Ford: And then
Stacey Ford: so I called, and it round, and it wrong. That means she doesn't have me blocked. So that's where I'm at. With that.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay, when you you mentioned earlier about
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: your own history with with drinking
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: does that have anything to do with the relationship between you and your daughter? Or was it just the the individual that you were previously within a relationship? Is that why you and your daughter.
Stacey Ford: My daughter. I did drink a lot when with with him, and he hurt me really bad and constantly, and she didn't like that, and I stayed with him.
Stacey Ford: and so she just had enough of it.
Stacey Ford: And he's a terrible. He cannot drink every time that he drinks something bad happens, and he usually physically attacks me or verbally attacks me one or the other, and he! He cannot drink, but he does, and I'm done with him completely.
Stacey Ford: And I just let that go. So I want. I think that with her, knowing that.
Stacey Ford: and that I'm not drinking like I was
Stacey Ford: I think that that can only help, and I want her to know that.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: When is the last time that you've commuted communicated with this individual?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: But.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Significant, other the previous significant, other.
Stacey Ford: Oh, gosh! Oh, early this year, or in the spring? Maybe
Stacey Ford: so. So. Your daughter knows that you 2 are no longer
Stacey Ford: yes, and yes, and I yes.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay.
Stacey Ford: And I am.
Stacey Ford: I'm completely moved away, moved out, moved away, done and
Stacey Ford: closure just done. And I was been with him for 10 years. So it's
Stacey Ford: and I don't miss them. I'm very happy right now. I'm extremely happy, and I feel so. I feel like my life is just about to begin right now. Finally.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Well, that that's great to hear, and and in in terms of your goal to connect with your daughter. You
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: you it sounds like you attempted to reach out to her since we've last met.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: and that's through text. You said.
Stacey Ford: Yes, and and then I I asked her to please tell me, are you even getting these, you know? And she didn't reply, and I called in it wrong, which before it was blocked.
Stacey Ford: So and Facebook, I I now see that I'm we used to be. You know. Her and I were were super close. I had her when I was 17. So we're you know we're we're so close and
Stacey Ford: she's my best friend, and
Stacey Ford: it just. I don't know what to do at this point, but I lost my thought.
Stacey Ford: I don't remember. What what was I getting at?
Stacey Ford: I'm sorry.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: No, that that's fine. I I think last week or last time we met I used that example of
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: of
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: putting on your own face mask when you're in. Hopefully, none of you are in a situation where airplane is going around going down, or any of those things.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: They always tell you to put your own face mask on before you help someone else.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: What are some things that you're thinking about
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: that will be most beneficial for you, you know, as you
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: help your brother and recover on your own, and do those things. What are some things that you're thinking about.
Stacey Ford: Well come to the conclusion. Sorry.
Stacey Ford: Come to the conclusion that I was. I'm on this earth to help other people. I think I believe that that's just what I do. I love helping people, and I'm always offering to help. And actually, probably 2 people say that I offer too much. It's kind of annoying. Maybe my brother says that especially. But
Stacey Ford: that's just what I do. And so I'm gonna try to just focus on myself. And you know I've always put everything into everyone else.
Stacey Ford: and
Stacey Ford: my life revolved on everyone else's lives or helping take care of everybody else. And I've had some fatal accidents with both my parents who have passed and helped them, and
Stacey Ford: a couple of my sisters, because I have 11 siblings. So
Stacey Ford: couple of my girl, my sisters, that have passed, and things like that that you know.
Stacey Ford: So now I'm right. Now I am focusing on myself and my my beautiful little 2 dogs and getting a relationship with my daughter, and in the process, just bettering myself. Make as much money as I can, and get back. Get to the life that I you know that I really want so.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay, we'll put again. Put that in the bike rack, and we'll talk about that a little bit later
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: autumn, or Shannon. How? How was your week who would like to go next.
Stacey Ford: 6.
Autumn S: I'll go ahead.
Autumn S: I was supposed to get a therapist and
Autumn S: I have not gotten a full time therapist, but I did see
Autumn S: my daughter. She's like a mental health. Nurse, practitioner.
Autumn S: I saw her last week, and it went really good. We met for like 2 h, and we talked about everything, and I feel like
Autumn S: At 1st I always felt guilty about like.
Autumn S: because I have my middle daughter. That's not talking to me. So I felt guilty because I
Autumn S: I didn't feel like I wanted to be okay.
Autumn S: I don't know if you understand that it's like
Autumn S: if my middle daughter was not talking to me. I felt like I didn't. I couldn't be okay, like
Autumn S: I needed to be sad about that. I needed to be down about that. But you know I just decided that.
Autumn S: You know it's not.
Autumn S: I've done everything I can.
Autumn S: I have apologize to her. I've
Autumn S: reached out to her. I've given her presents. I've I've done everything that I can do. And I finally just got to the point where
Autumn S: I'm okay, because if she doesn't
Autumn S: want to be in my life.
Autumn S: Then that's her decision, because I feel like everything's on her now.
Autumn S: you know it's her move, and
Autumn S: if I've done everything I can that
Autumn S: I need to be happy with the people that do want to be around me and in my life.
Autumn S: So I kind of come to that conclusion last week with
Autumn S: with my nurse practitioner, we just.
Autumn S: And and she said, You know, that's okay, because I don't have to just
Autumn S: continue to reach out to someone who rejects me again and again.
Autumn S: That was making me really sad and not able to cope.
Autumn S: So that's that's what I've done.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And so when you, when you met with your
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: healthcare, now clarified it, you did you meet with your therapist, or was it a healthcare provider.
Autumn S: She does therapy. But she she she is a therapist. She doesn't do it anymore. She's like the nurse practitioner that diagnoses. But still, we have like 2 h sessions every time I see her.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So often. Do you see her.
Autumn S: Well, I was seeing her like
Autumn S: this time. I saw her like monthly, but now it's like every 3 months, because you know the little forms that you fill out where
Autumn S: it tells you how depressed you are and what
Autumn S: well, I was like. I was like a 12
Autumn S: and last week, when I filled it out, I was so excited because I was a 4.
Autumn S: So yeah, the medication she's given me is helping, too. So yeah.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So it sounds like as you look at your your own health. That
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: that focus to continue working on yourself is a really good thing right now is that
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: is that what I'm hearing.
Autumn S: Yes, and I started
Autumn S: I'm learning to crochet.
Autumn S: and and that keeps my hands busy. It keeps me busy, and my mind, it's like I have to think about what I'm doing. So it's not like my mind is flooded with all the bad thoughts and all the sad things, and
Autumn S: it helps.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Well, that that's great to hear, and and good work over the last 2 weeks. Autumn.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Thank you.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: All right, Shannon. Would you like to to go next, and then and then, Matthew.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: you're on mute, Shannon. There you are.
Shannon: Yeah. Sorry.
Shannon: Let's see my goal. I was pretty much
Shannon: at least, I think. I I will. I wish to relocate, you know.
Shannon: with my husband away from the area that I'm in.
Shannon: because I feel that it would be best to have a fresh start and and
Shannon: I'm moving towards that goal. We have somebody that
Shannon: is renting our house. So we're trying to find a place to to go. Really,
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So are you living in the the same place when we talked the last time? Are you living in that same place, or have you moved since then?
Shannon: Yeah, well, really, we have a, we have sort of a
Shannon: kind of apartment outside of our house. So we're just trying to move
Shannon: from our where where we are just out there, for right now, until we find the place.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So some some progress on a fresh.
Shannon: Yeah.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Are-? Are you happy?
Shannon: I'm moving forward, but well, I am. But I'm still kind of like.
Shannon: I don't know if my husband's really being honest with me and wanting to.
Shannon: I don't really believe them so.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: To to quit. I remember the the last time.
Shannon: Quit using drugs. Yeah.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: You were. When when is the last time that you've used.
Shannon: Today.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay, was there, and and you mentioned a fresh start would be sort of
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: and and remind me, do you?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Who are the connections in your life right now, or the relationships that you
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: have are those helpful as you try to quit? Or is that why you're looking for the fresh start is that you really don't
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: like the group you're involved with now.
Shannon: Yeah, I don't like anybody, really, that I'm involved with. Now.
Shannon: we don't have any friends, just people who use us. And
Shannon: I really just want to live a sober and happy life. I just
Shannon: you know I love my husband. We've been together for 14 years, and I
Shannon: I want to try and work things out with him, so I'm still here. But
Shannon: Sometimes I feel like I I really shouldn't be here anyways.
Shannon: Like.
Shannon: I don't really have any like family here. It's his family
Shannon: mostly his mom, and she takes care of her boys right now.
Shannon: But
Matthew Warner: I'm.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So when you.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: when you say you shouldn't be here, are you referring to your relationship right now? You shouldn't be in that relationship.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: You shouldn't be in this.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: It's like, what are what are you referring to?
Shannon: I just don't want. I just don't really want to be in the drug life anymore. I just.
Shannon: But it's it's kind of it's I know it's my choice for using. But it's kind of like.
Shannon: yeah. Oh, if he's gonna bring it around, then I'm gonna do it, even though I don't want to.
Shannon: you know. It's just, I guess, part of being an addict. Really.
Shannon: Are there any.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: People in your life. And I'm thinking, healthcare providers. I'm thinking of
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: organizations. Is there anyone that you can reach out to to
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: talk about your situation, and begin to to make some of those adjustments for you.
Shannon: Not really that I can think of.
Shannon: I'm.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Do you have a healthcare provider right now?
Shannon: Well, I do.
Shannon: I mean I could reach out to the rehab that I went to, and they probably
Shannon: could help me with something, because, you know, I graduated the program back in mid June.
Shannon: and they, you know, they provide you with like alumni information.
Shannon: I think it would have been best if I had chose to go to like sober living
Shannon: after I left there, and I didn't, even though I knew better. But.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Is there? Is there still an opportunity to do that?
Shannon: To
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Program like that.
Shannon: I don't think so. I think if if I was gonna do it, it would have had been like
Shannon: within the 1st few weeks.
Shannon: I don't know. I I could reach out to them and and find out what I could do.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Is that a a goal you're really interested in is to to take that initial step and and
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: reach out to someone is that achievable for you. Is is there any barriers that get in the way of you reaching out to look after your own health?
Shannon: Hmm!
Shannon: I mean, it's something that I could do.
Shannon: But I can't really like I'm kind of like stuck where I'm at until we
Shannon: both me and my husband moved somewhere else, so.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: But it.
Shannon: I mean.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: You could. Could you reach out to a healthcare provider and and make an appointment? Even if your husband and you are still living together. Could you
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: do something like that.
Shannon: Yeah, I could do that.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Put the again. Let's put this conversation in the bike rack, and we'll
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: we'll take a deeper dive here in a little bit.
Shannon: Sure.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Before we do that, Matthew, do you prefer Matthew or Matt?
Matthew Warner: Matt.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay, Matt, all right. How are you? How's everything going.
Matthew Warner: I'm good, that's I apologize for being late.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: No, that's so. That's okay. It's good to see you. I
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: I made a note to make sure.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: I'm glad you put Matt up there instead of Kenneth again. But I'd made a note just in case
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: alright! How's how's everything for you? This is this would be your.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: I guess, 1st holiday season since treatment. Is that correct?
Matthew Warner: We had our 1st Thanksgiving silver together.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And how was that? It was amazing.
Matthew Warner: It was amazing.
Matthew Warner: I never realized how what what we missed. You know.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Well so, but.
Matthew Warner: It was. It was an experience.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: That's great. Tell us. Tell us more about it. What was it like compared to other Thanksgivings? What did you get to do this time
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: that you hadn't been able to before.
Matthew Warner: Well, we cooked together. We made a ham, and we just cooked the whole day and the night before.
Matthew Warner: and we've never done that. It was always drug using. And and that was the most important thing.
Matthew Warner: What's the use of drugs, you know, and it's it's awesome. Then, when the drugs ain't in there, and we get to spend quality time together and cook and make memories
Matthew Warner: and put up our Christmas tree. You know it was it? Just
Matthew Warner: it was awesome. That's the only word I can come up with.
Matthew Warner: The happiest.
Matthew Warner: One of the happiest moments of my life to this point is, is being able to do that sober.
Matthew Warner: And and
Matthew Warner: I can't thank the people enough where I went to treatment, you know, and they say that I don't give myself enough credit.
Matthew Warner: because, you know, I took the 1st step, and
Matthew Warner: and my advice to everybody else is, you have to take the 1st step
Matthew Warner: you know you have to. You have to do that in order for you to get better and and
Matthew Warner: do that experience sobriety, you know I mean unhappy.
Matthew Warner: I didn't know what happy was y'all, and that's the truth.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Was there anyone there anyone that you got.
Matthew Warner: That was my Thanksgiving.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: That's that's fantastic. Was there anyone there that you got a chance to reconnect with that? You hadn't for a long time.
Matthew Warner: Well, we had our Thanksgiving together privately on Thanksgiving, and then on Saturday we went to my dad and Mom's house, and that's the 1st Thanksgiving we ever went there because of the drug use.
Matthew Warner: and it was awesome, you know. I mean, they cooked for us on Saturday, so we had 2 Thanksgivings.
Matthew Warner: It was great, I mean it was great.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: That's.
Matthew Warner: So I've had a real good, real good week
Matthew Warner: last week, and this week it just seems the more time we get sober the the better things are getting.
Matthew Warner: Just to be honest.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: You mentioned that.
Matthew Warner: To me that.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: You mentioned sort of that 1st step
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: that you took. What was that that moment for you when you decided I really need to do something.
Matthew Warner: So
Matthew Warner: I had been high so long that that I didn't know up or down, really, and
Matthew Warner: my my woman was already in treatment because she was court ordered to go.
Matthew Warner: and I didn't. You know I got to thinking about it, and I'm like, well, if she's going and she's going to be sober when she gets out.
Matthew Warner: Then then
Matthew Warner: the only way that she's going to have a chance is if I put the effort forth to get sober.
Matthew Warner: so I checked myself into the same rehab she was in.
Matthew Warner: and and that was the initial step that I took. I didn't. I've done it more for
Matthew Warner: us as a couple to be honest, because I didn't want her to get out.
Matthew Warner: And maybe the reason that she relapsed I couldn't. You know I've done that
Matthew Warner: and past relationships. And they didn't want to do drugs. And I done drugs. And it ended badly. And I didn't want to do that again.
Matthew Warner: So I got 3 ex-wives, and you know.
Matthew Warner: at 50 years old, and I didn't want to ruin this one with drug use, just to be honest.
Matthew Warner: So that's my 1st step.
Matthew Warner: and I called the rehab and I called around. I didn't want to go to one that didn't have the mats.
Matthew Warner: because I'm 50 years old, and I've done drugs since I was 15,
Matthew Warner: and I didn't think, and I still don't know if I'll ever be off the mats. To be honest, you know I get a shot a monthly shot called Brick Saudi.
Matthew Warner: and that's what gets me through. To be honest.
Matthew Warner: you know I don't crave drugs because of it. I don't want drugs, and and that's
Matthew Warner: that. And the effort that I put forth in the 90 day treatment 98 days, I was in treatment.
Matthew Warner: So.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Just to go back to Shannon for a little bit. Is Shannon. Is anything Matt saying.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: resonating with you right now.
Shannon: Yeah, I mean, oh.
Shannon: I'm I'm just
Shannon: I I think so. I mean, I agree with a lot of what he says. So
Shannon: I'm not the best at explaining things, though.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: That's okay. We'll we'll take a a deeper dive here in a little bit. Thank you for all of you for sharing and giving us sort of a a debrief of your your goals from the last time we met.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: During just one reminder before we get started with the the rest of this session I
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: feel free to. If you haven't received a a kit or a testing kit, feel free to order that if you would like
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: you have access to those as well as Narcan.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: and so please feel free to reach out to me or another member of the team if you still need that sent to you.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And then
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: with that, this week, we're really thinking of our own health. Last last week we really excuse me. 2 weeks ago, we really focused on relationships. And this week it's more about
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: our own health and and how we can really help one another
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: to achieve our our most optimal health, and whether that's our physical health or our mental health.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: and we and we do that by by
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: setting some setting some goals and so with that Revetra, I would I would like to start with you. Since
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: we didn't get a chance to connect a couple of weeks ago. But when you think about your
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: own health.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: What might be one thing that you want to make.
Ravettra Ford: Progress.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: On.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: What does that look like for you.
Ravettra Ford: In regards to my own health.
Ravettra Ford: What I re what I started doing was doubling up
Ravettra Ford: with my on some like my prescription drugs.
Ravettra Ford: ibuprofen, even though, like I knew, like I was only supposed to take like. At 1st I was taking. It is prescribed with my ibuprofen
Ravettra Ford: for my Oco arthritis. So it's like the pain
Ravettra Ford: opioids or pain medication for me, or inflammation, or like I would take it, and I would take, like the arthritis.
Ravettra Ford: Tylenol for arthritis. Pain. 8 h.
Ravettra Ford: Oh, I'm sorry. My screen! Hold on! Can you hear me?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Yes, we can hear you.
Ravettra Ford: Okay, so.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: I can see your silhouette. It looks a little bit like you're in the Witness Protection program, but we can see a little bit of you in there.
Ravettra Ford: Okay. So I have a younger brother. We're 10 years apart, my mom. She's his caregiver.
Ravettra Ford: And I assist her when I can.
Ravettra Ford: So he didn't
Ravettra Ford: do his diabetes like he should, so I step in when I could to help her with him, getting to his doctors and everything, and they mentioned like for him he could take like 2 of something, so I don't know. I got a hold to that and put it in my head. And I'm like, Oh, yeah, if I double up on this or that, and it may help me feel better, or I could use it in my capacity.
Ravettra Ford: and not really, you know, talking with the pharmacist or talking with my doctor, so a goal of mine is to get back on track with that before I try to go up and up, and before I know it, I'm like
Ravettra Ford: so far away from my prescribed dose to where it's like gotten ridiculous. So that's the goal of mine is to get back my try to my original prescribed dosage of my medication.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So you decided to double up. You made
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: that decision on your own to to go ahead.
Ravettra Ford: Totally on my own, and I knew in my mind I was not supposed to be doing that, otherwise they wouldn't give you a label when you pick it up from the pharmacist along with the little pamphlet or booklet.
Ravettra Ford: And so that's what. Oh.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Was there anything that happened you you mentioned? Was it your brother? You said you were
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: caring for someone with diabetes.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Who who is that your was it
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Was it that? Or was there some other something else that happened where you felt you had to double up.
Ravettra Ford: Well, it it was what I was going through.
Ravettra Ford: As well. And
Ravettra Ford: my mom's fiance. Okay, so this is the thing. One of my conditions I I suffer from already is osteoarthritis.
Ravettra Ford: So he recognized me. He saw me walking one day, and he asked me, Did I? Has I? He said, do you have gout? And I was like no, not that I I was never diagnosed with it.
Ravettra Ford: and so that it when someone asks me a question
Ravettra Ford: like it may not do anything to me right away.
Ravettra Ford: However, like later on, I may think about it again, and then it will start resonating. And
Ravettra Ford: you know, in my brain, and then I'll it'll make me want to look it up, and then I'll start thinking like, well, maybe, could I have? So that.
Ravettra Ford: coupled along with the my little brother's caregiver, I mean not caregivers, the medical providers giving him authorization.
Ravettra Ford: Those 2 things
Ravettra Ford: combined together, I'm like, but maybe I could have Gap. Maybe that's what I was hurting for. So if I they told him he could double up so maybe that could be well, not double up. That's his dose.
Ravettra Ford: and maybe they mean it must be. This could be safe, so it may not be able to be harmful. So maybe I can do that, and maybe it could assist me with my condition.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: How long have you.
Ravettra Ford: How long have you been doubling up for?
Ravettra Ford: So now I've been doubling up.
Ravettra Ford: I suppose it's been about a month now, but now I stopped because I was just recently in the hospital, even over Thanksgiving Break. So I was just discharged just fresh as of last night.
Ravettra Ford: so I wasn't able to, of course, do it in there, because they're going to do everything they have to scan your bracelet, your arm bracelet every time. So you're on a strict of what it says by the book
Ravettra Ford: of your prescribed
Ravettra Ford: of which the medical provider has before so just was prior to that. That's what I was on my own trying with the doubling up so.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So you're back to taking your medication.
Ravettra Ford: Yes, it because and then, by the way, yes, I did have gal on top of mine.
Ravettra Ford: Oco arthritis. So the thing of it is
Ravettra Ford: now is just gonna be a challenge for me and trying to. I'm gonna see?
Ravettra Ford: Yeah, if this is going to work, I'm gonna try my best like, I said. I know this says Go.
Ravettra Ford: and that's what I'm gonna try to make it.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: When is your next meeting with your healthcare provider, or your follow up, so to speak.
Ravettra Ford: Okay. I tried to call in today
Ravettra Ford: because they told me to make one according to my discharge instructions in the folder Asap. Within one week, however, they they were closed the 1st Wednesday of each month I found out on today. So I have to call on tomorrow to make the appointment.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So really, you're at the forefront of your mind is to make that
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: call to your healthcare provider to.
Ravettra Ford: That's my priority. Yeah.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Moving in the right direction.
Ravettra Ford: On track and in the proper direction, because I don't want that off track.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Besides scheduling, and all of that? Or is there any other? Are there any other barriers that would
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: get in the way of you making that appointment 1st thing tomorrow.
Ravettra Ford: No, and being that, I'll I'll leave have, like I have the folder right here
Ravettra Ford: long as it's fresh and in my face, and normally like health, wise.
Ravettra Ford: If I usually make that a real like a true priority of mine.
Ravettra Ford: I I'll usually be good with that. But like
Ravettra Ford: once it starts kind of affecting
Ravettra Ford: my mobility. That's a different thing. Of course, I don't know how much you know about
Ravettra Ford: arthritis and a different various variety, or different kinds, or gal, for instance.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So say tomorrow morning you successfully make that appointment. How how hard I'm
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: I! I live in a a small rural area.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: But I'm I'm thinking of Memphis, Tennessee, is it? Is it hard
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: to make it to your appointment?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: In more of an urban area? Or is that is that easy for you to do.
Ravettra Ford: Actually for me my primary care. My medical provider is not very far away
Ravettra Ford: from where I live. I and it's intentional cause. I kept him for the longest.
Ravettra Ford: because I want him primarily so. It's he's not very far away. So that's a good thing. So I don't. I can't utilize that excuse that he's too far away.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Is your.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: I want to sound like a doctor, even though I'm not even close, not not one. But how's your pain right now? On a on a scale of one to 10. You know how.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: what, what is your pain like right now?
Ravettra Ford: Okay. So since I've gotten everything plugged in
Ravettra Ford: I still have some pain.
Ravettra Ford: but it's not nearly as bad as what it was.
Ravettra Ford: So I'm going to say my pain level now.
Ravettra Ford: I'm only at about, I would say, like 4.5.
Ravettra Ford: So there is some pain there. But it was not a consistent pain, like, let's say I'm sitting down. It's not a I don't have a throbbing pain or anything. It's like
Ravettra Ford: if I get up now, and I start to walk. I could still feel it in my joints, and that
Ravettra Ford: primarily, because I know that my body needs time to process
Ravettra Ford: like the the gout. Medic medication has the right
Ravettra Ford: really get into my joint joints. It needs time
Ravettra Ford: to balance everything with everything. All of my other medication as well that I'm on.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So you think it's it's reasonable when we get together next Wednesday, a week from today.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: that you'll have met with your healthcare provider and have a clear plan of action is, that is, that you think a reasonable goal for you right now.
Ravettra Ford: I would say so, I would say so.
Ravettra Ford: I don't. You know know what he's gonna recommend from now? Because now I was sitting here thinking about it, and I was trying to do some of the hand exercises that some of the doctor was asked
Ravettra Ford: but like one of the things like, what would I would make me go? In the 1st place.
Ravettra Ford: I remember they were supposed to send an occupational therapist around before I left. But I suppose maybe they weren't available.
Ravettra Ford: So with that being said, I want to say hopefully, so
Ravettra Ford: that I would have a good plan of action.
Ravettra Ford: I would like to say. Normally, he does have good suggestions, and if he has to refer me out to a different or medical provider
Ravettra Ford: who could provide me care that he's got a specialty in it, normally works out for me.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Alright. Well, at the beginning of next week, Revetra, I'll look forward to hearing
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: how how your week went with that goal.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So.
Ravettra Ford: Yes, sir.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Thank you. Thank you for sharing that.
Ravettra Ford: Yes, set.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Who would? Who would like to to go next in terms of
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: moving forward with the goal that you had made previously, or making some changes.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: What does everyone have on their minds?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Anyone can go next.
Christian: Hi! It's Christian again.
Christian: I have to motivate, and this and this commitment will help me do that.
Christian: I am so sedentary.
Christian: It hurts to sit.
Christian: And so I need to stretch and kind of
Christian: take care of my physical self.
Christian: I mean, if I go out.
Christian: you know and do some basic gardening chore.
Christian: I'm sore for a day or 2, and it's ridiculous.
Christian: And so I'm going to start.
Christian: I got a little workout area in the basement, and I'm just gonna go down there and and and start stretching and working out.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Christian. Tell me
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: so so I'm guessing. North Carolina. You have a lot of really cool trees and
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: opportunities for nature. Is it still warm enough where you can get outside or.
Christian: It will be not this, you know, this whole country is in this Arctic thing.
Christian: But there's also I have access to 2 gyms.
Christian: So I mean, I could actually do that. I'll be honest, though. I'm a little concerned about
Christian: what what's been going around, Covid.
Christian: If I get it. I'm toast.
Christian: It's just that simple.
Christian: And I've gotten all my boosters and everything like that. But just 2 weeks ago, at the senior center, where I was working at man.
Christian: It went through there like wildfire.
Christian: And so, you know, walking the dogs when the weather turns for sure.
Christian: But hell, I got a place 20 steps away.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So how do you? How do you make that 1st step from being most, you know, somewhat sedentary to
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: doing some physical activity? What's the motivating factor for you. There.
Christian: The fact that I know I'll feel better.
Christian: I'll sleep better.
Christian: And I made a commitment to you guys
Christian: that puts a little pressure on me.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So everyone in this group you heard it right here. So we when we when we connect next week next week, you can.
Christian: Touch my toes for you next week.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So so speaking of that Christian like, what?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So what does success look like for you?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: is that doing a a certain amount of time. Is that what? What is, what is?
Christian: No.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Look like for you.
Christian: I have a you know, I've had both my shoulders repaired and all kinds of medical stuff.
Christian: So once I stretch, then I can start doing
Christian: kind of like rehab stuff again.
Christian: And so that would be success.
Christian: And then ultimately, I'd like to, you know, by springtime
Christian: be able to get back golfing.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And do you think becoming less sedentary will
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: mean less opportunities to drink? Do those things go together.
Christian: Definitely, because at this point I can sleep in as long as I want. You know, there's it's just too easy.
Christian: If I start making commitments to myself.
Christian: and occupy the time with healthy behavior as opposed to non-healthy behavior.
Christian: It'll it'll lessen my desire, and
Christian: you know I don't want to be hung over, working out.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Does your significant other like to work out as well.
Christian: She actually started probably about a month or 2 ago water aerobics.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So is this, is there any physical activity that you both could do together?
Christian: Probably, but I'm so out of shape that I I mean the the water aerobics is a
Christian: male female class, so I mean, I could definitely get back and and get into doing that because it's great
Christian: but I mean at this point I sink like a rock.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So when we when we get together next week,
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And it's your turn to talk like, what?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: What will you
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: What were you tell? What? What will you tell us? That you what happened? What's what's an achievable goal for you?
Christian: What I tell you is that I have consistently started working out
Christian: okay, because when I was working out after my shoulder got repaired.
Christian: Of course I pushed myself too fast and it ruined it.
Christian: So I'm gonna go slow. But I've gotta go every day. Okay.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Well, let's let's put a a timeframe to it. What would, if you were! How many minutes a day.
Christian: Oh! Between 15 and a half hour.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: 1515 min to 15 to 30 min.
Christian: Correct.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay, alright, and anything that would get in the way of of doing that.
Christian: I can't really think of anything. No, I mean because I do it 1st thing in the morning.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay for anyone else here who has started
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: doing more physical activity after you've taken a break for a while, any any advice for for Christian.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay? Alright. Well, well, thanks, Christian, and and
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: we'll look forward to hearing how how that goes for you next week.
Christian: Okay. Cool.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: All right. Who who would like to go next?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Shannon Matt? Autumn.
Matthew Warner: I? I can go. Okay. I guess
Matthew Warner: I don't really have no like physical goals that that I can set for myself. I mean, I'm pretty healthy.
Matthew Warner: I have to go to the dentist.
Matthew Warner: But the quickest I can get in is the 18th of this month.
Matthew Warner: so I'm waiting on that, and I'm really got a lot of, and that I don't want to go, because I had a terrible experience when I was in my childhood with the dentist.
Matthew Warner: and and it my anxiety the closer the day gets the worse that it gets. Just to be honest.
Matthew Warner: So
Matthew Warner: maybe I can control that a little better, and not try not to think about my dentist appointment too much. But
Matthew Warner: other than that, I'm pretty healthy. I see my doctor regularly now.
Matthew Warner: and I got my shot in the morning at 7 30, so
Matthew Warner: I really don't know what I can do for everybody.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: When you.
Matthew Warner: Other than maintain my sobriety.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So you talk about.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: I'm not sure of anyone who looks forward to their dentist appointment. But
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: with being the anxiety that you talked about? Is there support that you receive.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: and and not just with with your dentist, but with anything that could cause anxiety
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: in your recovery? Are there? Are you involved in any programs right now? Outpatient aftercare?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: any of those things that help with that.
Matthew Warner: Yeah.
Matthew Warner: yes, I do. I'm medicated for the anxiety because I was diagnosed when I was in the rehab. They to their mental doctor. I went, and I'm bipolar and manic, depressant and real high anxiety.
Matthew Warner: and they medicated me, and I just seen on.
Matthew Warner: I think it was the 25.th
Matthew Warner: I've seen my mental health, doctor, and I don't go back until the 20 second of December.
Matthew Warner: For that. So but that's what I do for that. I'm I'm medicated so.
Matthew Warner: and they got me on like 9 different pills total.
Matthew Warner: So.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And if you ever need any.
Matthew Warner: I mean, thank God!
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: If sorry to interrupt. If you ever know any instance, who's who's who can you call to? Who's your
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: who's your phone? A friend? Individual when you need.
Matthew Warner: Well, I have a every Tuesday at 2 o'clock I have to go see a
Matthew Warner: I guess he's a shrink psychiatrist or therapist or something. I go for an hour every Tuesday.
Matthew Warner: and and I see him for an hour, and we pretty much talk about anything. His name's Larry.
Matthew Warner: So that's what I do for that. And it's just me
Matthew Warner: and I go every Tuesday religiously, you know. And and then I take, I take random drug screens still to help me stay sober to hold me accountable
Matthew Warner: for my actions in my outpatient treatment.
Matthew Warner: But they really don't do much for that at the place where I go, other than give me my mats.
Matthew Warner: which I think is kind of crazy, but
Matthew Warner: you know it is what that is.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So at the beginning.
Matthew Warner: Go ahead!
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Go ahead. What what about Larry?
Matthew Warner: He's great. I mean, he's great
Matthew Warner: without him. I probably couldn't get through a lot of stuff, to be honest, because he's someone that I unload everything to every Tuesday.
Matthew Warner: so.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So he's great Thanksgiving last week.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: You you were talking about sort of these these reconnections that you were making and
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: what when, if you continue that making those connections with your family.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: and and friends, who you might not have connected with as much prior to recovery.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: are there anything that any activities or anything that you can be involved in that would
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: continue to connect those with those important relationships in your life?
Matthew Warner: No, we they. My family, is trying to get a game night set up on Friday, and wanting us to come
Matthew Warner: on a Friday, and all of us spend time together. We haven't really got got the everything worked out yet, but that's something that we're trying to get going.
Matthew Warner: And hopefully we can get that going soon, actually, because I'm looking forward to it.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So what if? What if you took the lead on that?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: What would that look like? You setting up the game.
Matthew Warner: 9.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: It sounds good.
Matthew Warner: Probably do that.
Matthew Warner: Yeah, I could probably do that and make it happen before next week. My goal would be get game night going with my family and my woman.
Matthew Warner: That's a good idea.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: I I just saw your face light up at the mere mention of a game night. We're talking about it. You can. You can see changes in your
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: in your really really nice changes base when you're talking about that and so. And it sounds like
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: you would feel really good if that if that happened.
Matthew Warner: Right. So I'll that's my goal. Then that's what I'll set for myself for next week.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Any particular game that you, you all play together.
Matthew Warner: No, we haven't started, so I'm not sure what games they got. I know. I know they got a whole closet full of board games, literally, one closet completely dedicated to board games.
Matthew Warner: So that'll just be random, I guess.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Will that that that sounds like a a fun, a fun time! Is there
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: any barriers or anything that might get in the way of you organizing that that you can think of.
Matthew Warner: Not right off that I can think of not really. I mean, they've mentioned it to me a couple of times, so I just need to take initiative and make it happen.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay. Well, that all that sounds
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: I look. I look forward to hearing how that that goes.
Matthew Warner: Okay. Thank you.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: All right, Shannon, or Autumn.
Autumn S: Well, I feel like Christian has inspired me. Honestly, because I have.
Autumn S: I'm a big time, Gamer. I like to game. So
Autumn S: a year ago last Christmas I bought the
Autumn S: I forget what it's called, but the thing that goes with switch, and it's like a round
Autumn S: thing that you use to exercise with, and I have not.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Oh, Sue thing.
Autumn S: What?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Like a Bosu bubble type of a.
Autumn S: Yeah, well, it's something that you use you. You can run with it. You can
Autumn S: do all kinds of games with it. But it's supposed to like you're exercising.
Autumn S: It's it's like tricking your mind, you know.
Autumn S: But I have not opened the box.
Autumn S: That was a year ago, and I feel so bad because
Autumn S: I begged my husband to buy it for me. I was like, Please, please, please, I'll do it, I promise.
Autumn S: And you know he's reminded me a few times.
Autumn S: where's that? Where's that box thing that I got you? Have you? Have you hooked it up yet? And I was like.
Autumn S: no, but I'm going to haven't. But I think I should, because I need to exercise, too, because
Autumn S: when Christian said, like, it hurts to sit like.
Autumn S: okay. So I have a brace on my knee right now, because we like went walking
Autumn S: a little like couple of days ago, and now every time I walk my knee pops.
Autumn S: so I've got a brace on it.
Autumn S: and I know it's because I
Autumn S: I'm very sedentary. So yes, I need to do what Christian said. I need to get up and move.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So what's what's prevented you from opening the box for the last year?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Is there something about that that scares you?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: What.
Autumn S: Not. Really. I think that I have really bad Adhd.
Autumn S: so every time I think about doing it I get distracted, and I go do something else.
Autumn S: and then it gets late.
Autumn S: And then I'm like, Oh, I'll do it tomorrow. And I'm yeah and bad about getting distracted.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: talk to us about how this works. So you're gonna go and open this box and and try it out.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: What could get in the way of that actually happening.
Autumn S: Housework.
Autumn S: I you know I just I get distracted. I
Autumn S: I start on one thing, and then
Autumn S: I go through the house and I see something else. Then he's doing
Autumn S: so then I start doing that, and I forget what I was doing to begin with, and
Autumn S: before you know it, it's like the day is gone.
Autumn S: or sometimes I get distracted by my games.
Autumn S: and I will sit and I will game for like hours.
Autumn S: and then I'll realize. Oh, my gosh! I've been sitting here like 4 h.
Autumn S: and then my husband comes home, and of course I'm not going to let him like pick on me while he sees me.
Autumn S: you know. Figure this thing out. I need to do that by myself.
Autumn S: So yeah.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Is there something else that needs to happen? First, st before you attempt to open the box.
Autumn S: Maybe, but it can't like for me the perfect scenario would be
Autumn S: if everything around me was perfect if everything was done.
Autumn S: and I couldn't see like any dirty dishes, and I couldn't see any clothes that needed to be washed, or but that can't happen. So I'm just gonna have to like make myself ignore it.
Autumn S: I guess, because I mean nobody's perfect. You can't do everything in one day.
Autumn S: even though I feel like I have to like. I'm supposed to.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Are there opportunities where you can
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: remove yourself from that environment to work out? For example.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: meeting a friend, maybe joining a group. Going someplace where
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: your environment is not part of the issue. You can just focus on you.
Autumn S: I could get my husband to walk with me, but it's really cold outside right now.
Autumn S: But I don't.
Autumn S: I don't really have any friends.
Autumn S: I mean.
Autumn S: I have some friends at church that I say hello to when I see them, but like
Autumn S: I don't have any.
Autumn S: I don't have any friends, because and it's my choice, because
Autumn S: I could have friends, but I just feel like I'm better on my own, and
Autumn S: I don't like to go out of my house very often.
Autumn S: I kind of stay in my house like
Autumn S: all the time, unless my husband says
Autumn S: let's go somewhere, and then I'll go with him. But I don't normally go out alone.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So, Ravetra, just put a a question in the in the box. Can your games be your treat for opening your box?
Autumn S: Oh, that's a good idea that that would work. I yeah.
Autumn S: I think I could do that.
Autumn S: Yeah, because then I could play the ones that I wanted to if I played the one that makes me exercise.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Do you? Does your church have a a workout group, or anything like that?
Autumn S: No, not not exactly. I mean, we have like a day where
Autumn S: the ladies meet for coffee. We have
Autumn S: like a Bible study where we go and meet, and I know that I could.
Autumn S: I could get one of them to walk with me, but I just
Autumn S: I don't know what it is about me. I just.
Autumn S: I'll go to a church service on a Sunday morning, but
Autumn S: because I feel like I have to put God 1st in my life because I feel like that's important to me.
Autumn S: But I really don't.
Autumn S: I really don't like
Autumn S: It sounds awful the same.
Autumn S: I don't like to socialize with people.
Autumn S: and I don't mean that against any of you guys, because y'all are so nice.
Autumn S: But I just don't. I like the comfort of my home.
Autumn S: It feels like I'm safe here.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: If there 2 scenarios scenario one is you
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: you open, and I'm just going to say both suit box here, because I'm not sure
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: it sounds like a Bosu, but Scenario one. Is you successfully open the Bosu
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: box in your own home and and start doing that
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: scenario 2 is maybe you take the Bosu to another location.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: A private location like a
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: a gym or something like that.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: and and try it there without the distractions that you mentioned at home.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Which scenario do you seem more more likely taking the box and going to try it out somewhere else, or taking
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: or doing it at home.
Autumn S: Doing at home.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Doing a home, sound.
Autumn S: I have a gym membership. I've had a gym membership for like
Autumn S: a year, and I've been maybe twice.
Autumn S: I see Christian laughing at me. Okay, but I just really
Autumn S: My home is my safe place.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: It just.
Autumn S: I don't know why and how
Autumn S: that happened, but I feel safer at home.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Do you enjoy exercising with your husband.
Autumn S: Do you join? That husband's not gonna exercise? No, he might. He might walk with me.
Autumn S: He's done that before. But as far as like.
Autumn S: yeah, I mean, we both have a gym membership, but we don't go
Autumn S: It's terrible. But.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: What
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: well, based on your interactions here with this group? I I wouldn't know if you you do a great job socializing here and and interacting with everyone.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So between now and next Wednesday.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: we're going to hear about how the opening of the box went.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Where? Where is the box now? Is it like up in the attic with cobwebs or.
Autumn S: No, okay, no, it is.
Autumn S: It is in the drawer of my entertainment center, like, right up under the TV where I was supposed to be doing it.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So next week we're going to hear about
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: everything that happened when you open the box.
Autumn S: Okay.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And we'll be excited to hear about that.
Autumn S: Me too.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And and hopefully you're as excited about it as you were when you 1st wanted the gift a year ago. So
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So well, we'll look forward to hearing about that.
Autumn S: Okay.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Shannon and and Stacy
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Stacey, would you like to go.
Stacey Ford: Oh, okay, I was unmuting, am I? Can you hear me?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Yes, I can hear you.
Stacey Ford: Okay? Well, I mean, I really don't have.
Stacey Ford: I have a lot of goals. And they're all
Stacey Ford: revolved around myself. Basically, I'm gonna start doing everything for myself and spoiling myself. And I really want to start going back to church. So I guess that would be a goal that that I can do, and my sister goes like 5 times a week. She would love for me to go
Stacey Ford: so I'd really like to.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Chicago, or can you do that?
Stacey Ford: Yes, yes, I was born and raised here. So some of my siblings are still here, but mostly around the country.
Stacey Ford: But she would love for me to go. So I think that that will be a goal. I think I'll go do that. But basically I'm I'm really playing catch up on my life and I've got to be here for my brother. He can't walk or anything right now. So I gotta
Stacey Ford: that really basically work on the computer and be near him to be able to help him
Stacey Ford: and get stuff done around his house. And
Stacey Ford: one thing I need to do is is go through my clothes, and it's all Florida clothes, and it's ridiculous. So I think I need to go shopping and get some. Get some warm clothes, because I'm gonna be here a lot longer than I thought.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So let's break this down a little bit, and and sort of prioritize what you just said. You mentioned church was option one
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: taking care of your brother was was 2, and then clothes were
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: shopping, for clothes were were 3.
Stacey Ford: Yeah, well, number one would be my brother, for sure. I mean.
Stacey Ford: I yeah, that's necessary. And in the meantime, while I'm doing that
Stacey Ford: I it's not. I can't go anywhere or leave. I mean I'm here for him. So
Stacey Ford: He's actually calling me right now. I'm sorry. And so yeah, cause you probably need something. But
Stacey Ford: yeah. So my brother would be number one and and myself number one. In church. And you know. Just
Stacey Ford: get get caught up on all everything. I've been procrastinating about regarding
Stacey Ford: a lot of jobs I have work catching up to do things like that and just get caught up and get organized.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: See, when you 1st mentioned church, I instantly thought, and maybe it's because the holidays. But I my thought of home alone, and Kevin
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: going to church? In that in that particular movie
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: cause they're they live in Chicago, I believe, is is where they're at. But.
Stacey Ford: Yeah, I believe it was filmed here. Actually, yeah.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So anyway, that was a thought I had as you were talking. But
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: When you, when you think of an important and something between now and next week is
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: is going to to church, and
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: and having that time to yourself. Is that
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: really important to you right now?
Stacey Ford: Yeah, oh, extremely. Yeah.
Stacey Ford: And I mean, I don't have to go to church to have God in my life. I I still have God in my life, but I would like to, maybe cause I'm a lot like autumn. I'm sure I'm exactly like autumn.
Stacey Ford: and having a swimming pool, and I mean, I have a huge screen room
Stacey Ford: and pool, and I do work on a laptop outside or on the beach. You know things like that. So
Stacey Ford: I don't. I mean, it's hard to say that I'm not social, because I'm extremely social, and I've always been in the service, you know, like a bartender and stuff my whole life in the service. Service service. Department. But
Stacey Ford: I have, since my ex. His has
Stacey Ford: tore me down to the point so bad that
Stacey Ford: I I get I got rid of, or
Stacey Ford: you know, deleting my Facebook wasn't allowed to talk to anyone couldn't never, ever one time, not even one time ever went anywhere without him, and and he got me so scared to like
Stacey Ford: to go anywhere that I'm I just stay home, and I'm I'm fine with that. I love it.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: You mentioned, you have a a close relationship with your sister, is
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: going to church with your sister. Is that.
Stacey Ford: Oh, I think that I would just love that, and she would love that, you know, and and that would make her so happy. And that's why I would go with her.
Stacey Ford: not particularly care for her church as much.
Stacey Ford: But it would be worth it to go.
Stacey Ford: I mean versus going to a different church. I definitely would like to go with her. So.
Christian: Hey! What charge is it?
Stacey Ford: Calvary, Temple in Naperville.
Christian: Oh, okay.
Stacey Ford: It's huge, it it to me it seems more of a business. Not, you know, and I'll it's
Stacey Ford: I I don't know. I saw they spend a lot of time singing, and you know not much of the gospel, and the readings and stuff that I like would like to hear about
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Do you think you and your sister could go to each other's churches like if you went to hers she could come to yours or.
Stacey Ford: Oh, yeah, I mean, she's she's awesome. She would do anything for me, and absolutely but
Stacey Ford: yeah, she yeah, she would.
Stacey Ford: if she could find the time, I guess, because she's so committed. She she's her. Her schedule is full 7 days a week,
Stacey Ford: And of course helping everybody, too. But
Stacey Ford: yeah. So I think, just, you know, basically focusing on myself getting getting done
Stacey Ford: organized, in which I've already started doing that and getting
Stacey Ford: caught up on everything, and I'm gonna feel so much better. Once I'm done with all that. So in the meantime, helping my brother and getting caught up with my stuff and
Stacey Ford: work jobs and
Stacey Ford: So you know, I have expiration dates and or deadlines, and I'm I'm not doing very good with things right now. I've got too much going on. And in my in my head I don't have. I don't have time to go through my email and then reply, to do do a stuff I can't get. I can't get. Do anything more right now. I can't add any more to my plate, so.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Well, next week we'll we'll connect about how
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: your efforts to go to church with. Maybe you can
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: use that as a time to reflect and and take some time for you, and
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Well, we'll talk. We'll debrief on that next week.
Stacey Ford: That's what everyone's been telling me for years my whole life. Everyone's always told me that, like, you know, stop, you know, focus on yourself. Take care of yourself and everything like that, and I just never have. I've just always
Stacey Ford: I mean I do spoil myself, for sure. You know I love massages, and I love all that stuff, you know. I spoil myself. But
Stacey Ford: For the most part it's like, I just worry too much about everyone else. I'm always helping, and I like to do that. I don't think there's anything wrong with that. But I never focus on myself, and that's wrong. And I that is so hard to do that. I'm starting to do it, and I'm starting to
Stacey Ford: to say No, or you know, say, speak how I really feel versus just saying, yes, okay, sure. No problem, you know. And
Stacey Ford: so I'm I'm starting to stand up for myself, too.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: All right. Well, we'll connect about that next weekend.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Shannon. We're we're almost at our time. So, Shannon, go. Can you go ahead? What were you thinking, as we were all talking
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: for next week, what might be a
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: an achievable goal, that you can make.
Shannon: Well, hmm!
Shannon: I don't know. I mean I can continue trying to you know.
Shannon: Make it a point every day to
Shannon: I don't know. Just get closer to
Shannon: achieving what I really wanna do. And I'm just I don't know
Shannon: stop using like, you know, or use a little less every day. I don't. I don't really know.
Shannon: Those are some thoughts.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: What about reaching out to a a healthcare provider.
Shannon: Yeah, yeah, I can definitely do that, too.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Is that something that you think you can do between now and next week?
Shannon: Yeah, I have. I have several emails. I can and try and email some.
Shannon: my, even my own old counselor, or whatever she she'd be helpful. So.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: I I also wanna. And this is for everyone. If you haven't had a chance yet. Go to Grove. But there are
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: different resources and on Grove, and you can also connect with one another there, too. So if you
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: need to get on there throughout the week, please feel free to do that. And
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: and Shannon when we when we talk
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: next week, it sounds like we'll
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: we'll look forward to hearing how
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: scheduling that appointment and making that appointment.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: we'll go. Does that sound like a an achievable goal for you for next week?
Shannon: Yeah, it does. It does.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay,
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: same as before. I'll I'll connect with with all of you between now and next week to email, just to to check in
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: if you need anything, feel free to reach out to to me or another member of the team.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: if you need to connect with us for any reason.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And with that I'll
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: I'll look forward to seeing you all next week. And next week we really want to focus on what we talked about today.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: but also more of our long term goals where where we plan to to go?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: From here. So any any questions, anything before we we adjourn for the night.
Autumn S: I have a question.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Yes, Anna.
Autumn S: I remember that Shannon was supposed to reconnect with her mother. Did she ever call? Did you call her.
Shannon: Well, I haven't I? I haven't talked to her on the phone recently, even though
Shannon: I actually, I might have for Thanksgiving. I don't remember but I I've talked to her about things, and you know
Shannon: thrown, and I've thrown my my idea out there about possibly trying to stay
Shannon: in Arizona, like, you know, just for a short period of time. And
Shannon: she doesn't really like the idea. So I mean, she's kind of a little bit weird about it, and it's just kinda
Shannon: I don't know.
Autumn S: Okay, it's a if you had had a chance to
Autumn S: talk to her, because I know you said something about that before.
Shannon: Yeah, yeah, I I was gonna bring that up earlier. But I
Shannon: my memory isn't best sometimes. So I just forget.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Is she someone that you can connect with about
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: talk, you know, making an appointment, or
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: any of those things? Is she someone you can connect with, to share ideas and.
Shannon: Yeah, somewhat. I mean, she's not very understanding of of any of
Shannon: addiction. Really. She's I mean, she's 70 years old, and she just.
Shannon: She's never really gone through it with my siblings or anything.
Shannon: I'm the youngest and so I don't know she just.
Shannon: She's just a little bit hard to talk to, but
Shannon: I mean I can still talk to her about most anything.
Shannon: she just probably wouldn't really be able to give the best advice.
Shannon: I don't know. I usually have to go somewhere else for that like.
Shannon: Oh.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So I'm and autumn. Are you able to get on? Grove? Okay, yes.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: and Shannon, are you able to get on growth.
Shannon: Yeah.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay,
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Would. Would you both be interested in connecting with each other.
Autumn S: Yeah, there's that proper link to check in.
Autumn S: Yeah. And I I can tell her all about my crazy box.
Stacey Ford: Yeah.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Shannon, you might get a sneak. Peek on what.
Autumn S: Oh, no, no, no, no, no, yeah, maybe that.
Shannon: Maybe I could be a little encouraging on that. I mean, I think I I used to play what you're talking about. But.
Autumn S: Yeah, any encouragement is welcome.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And and that goes for the rest of you as well. If you want to connect with another member of the group on Grove.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: feel free to do that exchange phone numbers, whatever
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: whatever works for all of you.
Ravettra Ford: Now growth? Is that a part of our portal, or how do we get on growth? Is that an app
Ravettra Ford: that we register with or.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: You should have received a a link to join the group.
Lena Graziani: Yeah, remember.
Lena Graziani: I can send you another link to join if you haven't received that yet.
Ravettra Ford: Okay? Cause I I'm really not for sure. I may have, of course, received it through my email at some point, but I thought I better act to be on the safe side of things.
Lena Graziani: Yeah, it's good you checked in. I'm I'm just gonna send you another link.
Ravettra Ford: Right now. So you don't have to like dig through your emails to find it.
Ravettra Ford: Thank you.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And well, it was great seeing everyone.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Have a good rest of your week. Hopefully it warms up for those of you that wish it to be warmer.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: and cools down for those of you that wish it to be cooler. But I will
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: look forward to seeing you next Wednesday. Have a great evening and rest of your week.
Autumn S: You too.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Alright! Bye, everyone.
Lena Graziani: Thank you.
Shannon: Bye.
Matthew Warner: Bye-bye.
Stacey Ford: Okay, goodbye, everybody. Sorry. My dogs were all go barking. I had a mute. Do you all have a great week.
Ravettra Ford: Thanks.